DISPATCH-1755: Document policy additions to qdstat (#828)
apache/qpid-dispatch: docs/man/qdstat.8.adoc

lastErr::
The description of the last attach failure that occurred on this auto link.

qdstat --policy
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Maximum Concurrent Connections::
The maximum number of concurrent client connections allowed for this router.

Maximum Message Size::

> The maximum size in bytes of AMQP message transfers allowed for this router as messages enter the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The maximum size in bytes of AMQP message transfers allowed for this router.
```
I think the next sentence addresses the 'entering the network' better than the fragment.

> router network. This limit is applied to transfers over user connections and to transfers to interior

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This limit applies to messages entering the router network, that is, to transfers over user connections and to transfers to interior.
```

Author: agreed

routers from edge routers.

Enable Vhost Policy::

> Enables the router to enforce the connection denials and resource limits defined in the configured

Reviewer: defined in the configured vhost policies?

do we need the word 'configured' here?

Author: No, we don't. :-)

Enable Vhost Name Patterns::
Enable vhost name patterns. When false vhost hostnames are treated as literal strings.
When true vhost hostnames are treated as match patterns.

Policy Directory::
The absolute path to a directory that holds vhost policy definition files in JSON format (*.json).

Default Vhost::
The name of the default vhost policy. This policy rule set is applied to a connection for which a
vhost policy has not otherwise been configured. Processing for the default vhost is enabled by
default and set to select vhost '$default'. To disable default vhost processing set defaultVhost
to blank or do not define a vhost named '$default'.

Connections Processed::
Count of all incoming connection attempts.

Connections Denied::
Count of all incoming connection attempts denied by policy.

Connections Current::
Count of currently active incoming connections.

Links Denied::
Count of all sender and receiver policy denials summed across all vhosts.

Maximum Message Size Denied::
Count of all maxMessageSize policy denials summed across all vhosts.

Total Denials::
Count of all policy denials for any reason summed across all vhosts.

qdstat --vhosts
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

hostname::

> The hostname of the vhost. This vhost policy will be applied

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The hostname of the vhost. This vhost policy applies
```

Author: Agreed.

to any client connection that uses this hostname in the AMQP Open 'hostname' field.

maxConnections::
The global maximum number of concurrent client connections allowed for this vhost.

maxMessageSize::
Optional maximum size in bytes of AMQP message transfers allowed for connections to this vhost.
This limit overrides the policy maxMessageSize value and may be overridden by vhost user group
settings. A value of zero disables this limit.

maxConnectionsPerUser::
The maximum number of concurrent client connections allowed for any user.

maxConnectionsPerHost::
The maximum number of concurrent client connections allowed for any remote host
(the host from which the client is connecting).

allowUnknownUser::

> Whether unknown users (users who are not members of a defined user group) are allowed to

Reviewer: little bit unclear whether this is yes/no true/false or something else

characters in an address. However, this wildcard is only recognized if it
is the last character in the address name. You may specify attributes
'targets' or 'targetPattern' but not both at the same time.

sourcePattern::
A wildcarded pattern for matching source addresses from which users in
this group may receive messages. The pattern consists of one or more
tokens separated by a forward slash '/'. A token can be one of the
following: 'asterisk \*', 'hash \#', or a sequence of characters
that do not include '/', 'asterisk \*', or 'hash \#'.  The 'asterisk \*' token matches any single token.
The 'hash \#' token matches zero or more tokens. 'asterisk \*' has higher precedence than 'hash \#',
and exact match has the highest precedence. To specify multiple addresses,
separate the addresses with either a comma or a space. You can use the
text string '${user}' in a token to specify an address that contains a
user's authenticated user name. If you do not specify any addresses then
users in this group are not allowed to receive messages from any addresses.
You may specify attributes 'sources' or 'sourcePattern' but not both at
the same time.

> targetPattern::

Reviewer: I think this section is good for the man page, but might need some teasing out in docs? wdyt?
